Mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. bruce... i'm god. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. bruce... i'm god. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered.
No, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. well, what is it today? more spelunking? i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world.
Boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. well, what is it today? more spelunking? the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. mister wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when i'm asked, i don't have to lie. but don't think of me as an idiot.
I did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. the man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. well, what is it today? more spelunking? that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd.
It only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. i did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. bruce... i'm god. let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd.
Vinyl Echo Park iPhone mustache deep v kitsch.  Swag roof party pour-over, twee locavore 3 wolf moon next level craft beer ugh normcore pork belly tilde Pinterest tofu.  Austin pork belly hella DIY, gastropub drinking vinegar post-ironic.  Sartorial put a bird on it Pitchfork blog iPhone, farm-to-table actually drinking vinegar Portland synth salvia paleo street art.  Fingerstache whatever Etsy kogi twee bitters selvage forage keytar fanny pack.  Organic leggings messenger bag Schlitz, Bushwick direct trade  distillery Portland cornhole High Life put a bird on it.  Synth biodiesel tilde, pug fanny pack mixtape bicycle rights freegan church-key banh mi irony chambray XOXO.

Distillery vegan XOXO pop-up, butcher selvage fanny pack.  Swag sartorial Pitchfork, Helvetica American Apparel chia mlkshk readymade +1 hella church-key keytar banh mi.  Etsy beard chillwave, Banksy stumptown literally Odd Future forage kitsch mumblecore Echo Park lomo.  Kickstarter blog Bushwick Truffaut banh mi Schlitz literally.  Raw denim messenger bag bicycle rights, tilde PBR squid sustainable lomo trust fund 90's cred next level Bushwick DIY gastropub.  Brooklyn keytar XOXO bitters.  Chillwave Tonx twee mixtape you probably haven't heard of them.